Hello
and welcome.
My name is Zaid,
I'm an ethical worker or computer scientist
and I'll be your instructor in this course.
In this course I'm gonna teach you
ethical hacking from scratch so
I'm gonna assume that you have no prior knowledge
and by the end of it you will be
at a high intermediate level.
So we'll start by teaching you
how to set up a penetration testing lab
and how to install the needed software
so you can practice hacking safely.
Once done, the course is divided
into four main penetration testing sections.
The first is the network hacking section
where you learn how networks work,
how devices communicate with each other
and how to exploit this method
of communication to control all
the connections around you, crack wifi keys
and gain access to wifi networks
whether they use WEP/ WPA or WPA2
and intercept data to capture usernames,
passwords, chat messages or anything
that anybody does on the same network.
Once done with this, we'll move
to the gaining access section where
you'll learn how to gain access to servers
and personal computers.
So first, you'll learn how to gather
comprehensive information about your target,
discover vulnerabilities
and exploit them to gain full control
over the target system.
Not only that but you'll also learn
how to generate undetectable back doors
and use social engineering to deliver
them to your target as a fake update
or as a PDF or an image or any other file
that they might be interested in.
You'll also learn how to spoof emails
so when they're delivered to your target
they appear as if they're sent from a friend,
from their boss or from any address
that they are likely to interact with.
Once done with all of this, we'll move
to the post exploitation section
where you'll learn what can you do
with the access that you gained
in the previous sections.
So you'll learn how to interact
with the file system, how to execute
system commands, record keystrokes, open the webcam
and even use the hacked computer
as a pivot to hack into other computers.
Once done with all of these, we'll move
to the website hacking section
where you'll learn how websites work,
how to gather comprehensive information
about a target website
and how to discover and exploit
a number of dangerous vulnerabilities
that allow you to gain full control
over the target website.
At the end of each section, you'll learn
how to secure systems
and secure yourself from the discussed attacks.